fix: don't disable CSRF protection in builds with a non-production NODE_ENV (#16313)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/tasty-dingos-breathe.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> fix: don't disable CSRF protection in builds with a non-production NODE_ENV

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: enable CSRF protection in builds with a non-production `NODE_ENV` value
```
